Are you filming something
for the others again?
[ALL sigh]
[FEMALE STUDENT 1]
Ah, welcome back.
Checked out that base,
it's clear.
[MALE STUDENT 1] Wanna split
up the spells that just dropped
before we go take it?
Sounds good.
Dibs on Sword flash.
Uh!
[beeps]
-It's a battle-lock!
-But, we're not in a fight!
I wouldn't be so sure.
[MALE STUDENT 2]
Some kind of trap?
[MALE STUDENT 1]
Hmm! Hey. Easy!
[laughs]
[MALE STUDENT 2]
Why're you?
What the hell, man?
[screams]
Hey. Are all you boys
and girls out there
ready for the real fun to begin?
Hey, there.
Are you boys and girls
ready for the real fun to begin?
This footage
is from the end of day two.
For some reason it hasn't been
archived on Libra.
But it's spread among
the students all the same.
I see.
That does explain
the weird mood today.
Guess that means Saionji isn't
the only person
the doppelganger
can impersonate.
[SUZURAN]
Impossible!
What we're seeing right meow
is unprecedented!
[HIROTO] Wait, am I crazy,
or is that a different image?
For that matter, why does
Kazami sound so out of it?
Hmm!
First, we need to figure out
how this doppelganger
thing works.
Mmm-mmm! I have been
wondering, what is she?
Well, she burst onto the scene,
guns blazing,
claiming to be the true Empress.
But it looks like in reality,
she can assume the appearance
of anyone she wants in ASTRAL.
What? Then she could
just transform herself
into any one of us and strike?
-Ha!
-Hmm!
Truly. Preventative measures
will be crucial to us
going forward.
So, you're saying,
don't give her the opportunity
to body-snatch us, right?
There's a couple of things
we can do,
but the most important is that
we keep each other in sight.
To that end, we should be
travelling in groups
of no fewer than two.
That clear?
Yes, reasonable.
Providing no one goes carelessly
running off by themselves,
that should work out.
[sighs]
Aah! Go! Inferno Strike!
What the... Aw, lost again.
Hey, it's two a.m.
[chuckles] But I've been
having so much fun, though!
I've been bored senseless
for ages!
So an all-day gaming binge
is exactly what I needed!
[HIROTO]
Hm! All day?
Don't you have to go to school
in the morning or something?
Ah! Why would I?
If I went outside I'd have
to talk to dull strangers
and stuff.
So I'd rather just stay in
and enjoy myself!
You don't have a problem
talking to me.
Yeah! But that isn't the same!
You're special, mister,
and I like you!
[chuckles]
[snores]
Hey, I'm not a pillow.
[HIROTO]
I really should get going.
Hmm!
[knocks]
[SARASA]
Who is it?
It's me. Your accomplice.
[SARASA]
Uh! Give me ten minutes!
What? Ten minutes?
That's way too long.
[SARASA] Fine! Five!
Five minutes! Just, wait there!
Out here in the hall?
Hmm-mm!
-[door opens]
-Come in.
Okay.
[sighs]
[SARASA] Hey, it's just a room.
Quit looking around so much.
Mm! Right.
Huh! That doesn't mean
you should stare at me, instead!
Then where am
I supposed to look?
[SARASA]
Why not out there?
At all the lovely
glittering lights!
Pretty, aren't they?
[HIROTO]
Can you imagine the headlines
if anyone saw me here?
"Passionate Love Between
Seven Star Transfer Student
and Genius Princess exposed."
Ew! "P-passionate love"?
Don't be such a dummy!
Anyone with half a brain knows
that I'm way out of your league!
Do you mind
if I at least sit down?
I actually came here
to talk to you.
It's about the doppelganger.
Uh! That's not surprising,
everything
is about her these days.
It's honestly kind
of exhausting,
having to watch someone hijack
your appearance
to get attention.
It doesn't help that
she's such a charismatic diva.
You'd think there'd be more of
an outcry over identity theft.
[HIROTO]
Society's weird.
They've already taken to calling
her "Miss Hundred Faces."
It's bad.
People are gonna develop
trust issues
real fast over this.
Some teams might even
self-destruct out of suspicion.
[HIROTO] Really wish
I could disagree with that.
But I know for a fact,
my own team's
a prime candidate for implosion.
It's rough, but then,
so is having one day to take out
two more commanders,
under imminent threat of losing
my leadership.
[SARASA]
Oh! You have what?
How the heck are you not
freaking out about this?
[HIROTO]
Hey, don't worry,
it's not like I'm underprepared
or anything.
So, does that mean
you've got some kind of plan?
[HIROTO]
I do.
In fact, that's kinda
the whole reason I snuck over
to talk to you.
I've got a way to dominate
this competition,
even with Miss Hundred Faces
in the way.
[chuckles]
[MALE STUDENT 3]
We need to take more bases.
[MALE STUDENT 4] Look,
let's just grab this one first
and then we can readjust.
[MALE STUDENT 5]
Yeah, sure. Huh!
[screams]
-Hey, come on, man!
-Don't do this!
♪
Slow down,
Nanase, you're too far ahead.
You can still see me can't you?
I'm just doing my job
as the team's Soldier
and leading the way, all right?
You not being in my line
of sight isn't the issue,
it's that once again
you're being careless.
[NANASE] Nothing's stopping
you from walking faster y'know?
How troublesome.
If you wish, master,
I could try to intervene.
Ah, no. I should do it myself.
-[howling]
-What the...?
Uh! What is this?
[KAGAYA]
Watch it, Hiro!
This's gotta be
that crazy ability, 'Blackout'!
[HIROTO]
Not good! I can't see a thing!
How will I know
if someone got replaced?
[SHINJI]
Answer me quickly, Nanase!
What was the gift you got me
for my birthday last year?
[NANASE] Huh! I don't know,
that was ages ago!
Why? Are you suggesting
I'm Miss Hundred Faces?
Just answer
the question, would you?
It's still me, you dolt!
But with the way you're acting,
how can we be sure it's you?
[HIROTO] Oh, man,
this is bad. What do I do? Huh!
[beeping]
Huh!
[SHINJI] Hey, Nanase,
where are you going?
We've still got...
[NANASE]
No, we don't!
I'm done
with your second-guessing.
So, just go ahead
and play without me!
What? Wait, Nanase!
♪
I'm sorry.
I need to go clear my head.
Nanase and I probably
shouldn't play this afternoon.
No. I think we probably
shouldn't play at all.
You're backing out?
But what about
the leadership bet
you have going with Master?
Right, the bet.
Look, let's just say I wasn't
cut out for the position
to begin with
and leave it at that.
♪
Man, so high-strung.
Would it kill them both to be
a little more easy-going?
[sighs]
[beeping]
No-shows, huh?
Can't believe
they actually sat out.
Players can't join a
game session once it's underway.
The earliest they can rejoin us
will be tomorrow.
Well, it's done.
The best we can do is carry
on as discussed
and see this through. Hm!
[KAGAYA] Hey,
I know you only just started,
but you're surrounded!
[HIROTO]
Himeji! Akizuki!
We've got two teams inbound
from the north and south!
We're about to be flanked!
Uh-oh.
[HIROTO] I'd wager that
the person who used Blackout
is on one of those teams.
Uh-ah! Just when it starts
to feel like a date,
it gets ruined! Man.
While I don't much mind
the dispelling
of your delusions part,
I very much do mind
being flanked.
If their intention
with the ambush this morning
was to divide us,
they'll be coming in
for the kill.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Huh, will our plan really work?
Not that I'm at all doubting
our abilities.
I mean, you and I are the most
powerful power couple out there,
and as third wheels go, your
maid friend is kinda useful.
But maybe we should run.
Her attribution of third-wheel
status is clearly mis-assigned,
though her concerns
are not unfounded.
It's true,
the odds are against us here
but I think I've got the answer.
♪
[KURURUGI] Hmm! So, fate
brings us together again.
Mister Seven Star.
[HIROTO] Why'd it have
to be the Demon Maiden?
Sorry,
that we're a couple of short.
I'd been hoping to face you
with a full team.
No need to apologize.
After all, I'm the one
who set the stage
for that dramatic spat earlier.
Huh!
You're just freely admitting it?
Not as strait-laced
as you seem, huh?
The time's come to say goodbye.
Master.
We'll leave the Demon to you.
[BOTH gasp]
-Ah! Why're they coming at us?
-Um! Maybe we should split up!
[panting]
[KURURUGI]
You must have a death wish.
Do you really think
you can face me on your own?
Just hold it!
There's one of you,
and five of us.
You're outnumbered by both
bodies and spells.
It's hopeless,
even if you are the strongest
player on the island.
You've got numbers, all right.
But quantity will always be
a poor substitute for quality.
[screams]
[KURURUGI]
What? But how did he?
Hmm!
Uh-ah!
[screams]
[HIROTO]
Well, that's one down.
Magic Blast's no joke, huh?
That was your Spy, right?
[gasps]
You're gonna pay for that!
At your service as always,
Master Shinohara.
Good work,
that was perfect, Himeji.
[giggles]
[KAGAYA]
Good old misdirection!
They think Shirayuki's
gone off with Noa, and then bam!
Surprise attack!
Argh!
[HIROTO] Question is, was that
enough to disrupt the conditions
for her One-Shot Kill?
Yeah!
[SHIRAYUKI]
Master, look out!
[shatters]
-Aah!
-[shatters]
That paltry barrier's the only
reason you're still here.
Even with it that took off
most of your life points!
-Come on. Retreat!
-Right!
[panting]
[sighs]
[KURURUGI]
What is this?
[BOTH sigh]
[KURURUGI]
The audacity!
A counteract spell?
What? Trying to leverage
the playing field bonus?
Yeah? Is that what you think?
[HIROTO]
The distraction's working,
but we can't get complacent.
The Maiden's One-Shot Kill
isn't disarmed yet.
[SHIRAYUKI]
I've got an idea!
I might have a way for us
to even things out.
If we can make it work, it may
eliminate one of their members.
It'll take risking my life
to do it, though.
Knowing that, would you be
willing to put your trust in me?
Yeah, of course.
You've had nothing but my
complete faith
since the moment I met you.
[gasps]
All right. Thank you, Master.
-Ah!
-Argh!
I can't allow you
to go any further.
Himeji? Huh!
Oh? Angling to use
the same trick twice, are we?
Who can say?
If you think you can stop me,
you're welcome to try.
All right then,
you asked for it.
[screams]
Damn it! What was that?
Just Numerical Adjustment.
[gasps]
Absurd!
[SHIRAYUKI] Attack spells are
programmed to deal damage
to a targeted player,
based on various numeric values.
By recalculating the timing
and trajectory,
it's possible to redirect
the very attack itself.
[HIROTO] She calculated
all of that in a few seconds?
That's unbelievable!
Guess she's not
the Company's lead for nothing.
Huh! What are you? A monster?
[SHIRAYUKI]
I'm simply a maid.
Loyally in the service
of my Master.
Hiroto Shinohara.
Is that answer enough, Demon?
[KURURUGI]
This fight's more difficult
than I thought it'd be.
But I'm not worried.
Their spells
have to run out eventually.
[clicks]
[screams]
Hmm!
No way. I didn't
see them use Trap!
[HIROTO]
And that's three down.
Don't look so surprised.
Our Little Devil has a knack for
anticipating people's movements.
She's been dropping
her beloved Traps
all over while we've been at it.
[chuckles]
So that's it, huh?
Her going after the Kagurazuki
pair was just a ploy.
Academy
Island's strongest indeed.
However, this plan of yours
has one vital flaw.
Which is?
In your bid for defense, you've
overdone the Counteract spells.
You haven't really left yourself
much scope for attack.
Yeah? How would
you know how many...
[KURURUGI]
Thirty-five times!
You've used Counteract
thirty-five times
since we started.
Accounting for the one
Magic Blast you fired off,
there shouldn't be
a single spell left
in your personal slots.
[HIROTO]
Seriously?
How was she able to keep count
during all of that?
Not so fast.
Master still has me by his side,
don't forget.
If you wanna get at him,
then you'll have to go through
his maid before that.
[scoffs]
[beeps]
[screams]
Himeji!
[KURURUGI]
Medusa's Magic Eye
It's an ability that stops
an opponent's movement
for one minute.
That sure sounds handy.
With this, our victory
is all but guaranteed.
Is it?
What about your
One-Shot kill, though?
Don't you need
your teammate's help to use it?
[KURURUGI]
Hmm! On the contrary.
One-Shot Kill is,
by nature, at its most lethal
when its user's fighting solo.
But this contest
is a team-battle.
So, in a show of solidarity,
I overwrote its primary
condition for activation.
Necessitating the presence
of allies to use it.
Now I must undo
that restriction.
Please forgive me
for this act of cowardice.
[BOTH gasp]
The harsh truth is, I've always
been strongest alone.
I'll make you regret
belittling us.
Now prepare yourself.
Hmm!
Argh! One-Shot Kill!
[grunts]
[gasps]
That shouldn't be possible!
All your slots should be
empty by now!
A-ha! Yeah, it's true that a
bunch of spaces
got turned to green,
but in thinking I took 'em.
You fell right for it!
Fell for what?
My Black Wings, of course.
It's an ability that lets me
control visual effects,
so I just tweaked the color.
In actuality, I've barely dipped
into my personal slots at all.
Ah!
Urgh! Wait! What's going on?
[KURURUGI]
Electronic Interference.
My trump card.
For Tsuyuri's honor and my own,
I can't allow myself
the luxury of falling here.
[HIROTO]
Ah! Hey!
[gasps]
That was expertly handled,
Master.
Himeji.
The Demon Maiden,
she's quite adept in battle,
isn't she?
Her intuition
and resourcefulness
are peerless.
But, wasn't that kind of odd?
Why didn't she finish me?
All she had to do was throw out
one more attack spell.
I was helpless.
[SHIRAYUKI]
It does seem strange.
Perhaps she had a reason not to.
[NOA]
Hiroto!
[giggles]
I hunted those two skittish guys
down like dogs
and ended them.
So, didn't I do good?
[HIROTO]
Uh. Yeah.
Yeah, you did.
I wouldn't have made
it without you.
All right!
But wait, something's
not quite adding up.
We just eliminated
Kagurazuki, didn't we?
So then, why hasn't
Eimei's area increased any?
[HIROTO]
You're right. It hasn't.
[NOA]
Wait a sec.
I remember something,
before I took out
those two guys.
They said they were under
Miss Hundred Faces' umbrella.
[HIROTO]
What could that mean?
Either way, I can't imagine
all this weirdness is unrelated.
Could it be him?
Up to his old tricks again?
Gotta play this right.
From here on,
it's all or nothing.
All right, look. I need you
to trust me and listen closely.
[BOTH sigh]
[SHINJI] Please accept
my deepest apologies.
I saw the live broadcast.
Nanase, too.
Thanks to my profound arrogance
you were put into a situation
you never should have been in.
[HIROTO]
Enomoto.
Tell me, and be honest.
Did you ever actually suspect
that Asamiya was really
Miss Hundred Faces?
No. I only said that
because I wanted
to make her mad.
She's foolish,
but she's honest and pure.
No one can fake that.
She was putting on a brave face,
but I could tell she was off.
I thought if she was out
of the game-
Why are you looking at me
like that?
Oh, uh. I'm just kind
of surprised
you're opening up to me.
Um! It's something
that's always on my mind,
But it's not always easy
to say, you know?
Ah!
Um! Ha!
[gasps]
I'm sorry, Shino!
I wasn't trying to eavesdrop
on you, I promise!
[SHINJI] How much of that
did you hear, Nanase?
Answer, or so help me,
I will wipe your memory clean.
I, uh, came in around
when you were saying.
"I totally have the hots for
Nanase." So like, the tail-end.
I didn't say
anything of the sort!
That doesn't even sound
remotely like me!
[NANASE] Hey, you said,
"She's always on my mind."
[SHINJI]
No I didn't!
What? You practically
said that verbatim!
[HIROTO]
I noticed something
when I watched
the video on Libra.
While we were negotiating
with the Ibara Academy guys,
one of them was preparing
a Magic Blast spell.
I noticed when I slowed it down
to one-tenth speed.
It was the guy Asamiya attacked.
So that was it.
You weren't being impulsive,
were you?
You did what you did to help us.
I just want to do my part for
the team, like everyone else.
Shino's tough
and seriously resourceful.
Noa's cute and super clever.
Yuki's just as cute
and has brains for days.
Then there's you.
While I wouldn't exactly
call you cute,
you have a grounding
presence people can count on.
The only thing
I can do is sling a sword.
That's why you reacted
so abnormally quickly?
What else could I do?
I saw it going down.
Not that
any of that matters now.
It's pretty much over, right?
We've got no area, no spells,
our popularity's on the wane
and Shinohara,
our premier
player's been eliminated.
Hold up, did you say,
he's been eliminated?
He was.
Shino got eliminated from ASTRAL
at the end of the day.
He. did it to himself.
All right, look. I need you
to trust me and listen closely.
[BOTH sigh]
[beeps]
[gunshot]
[SHINJI]
Why would you do that?
Hang on, was this just so
you wouldn't lose our bet?
[HIROTO]
I'm not gonna lie,
satisfying the bet
was one reason.
But it wasn't the only one.
Are you trying to say
that you being eliminated
will somehow help Eimei win?
[HIROTO] Miss Hundred Faces has
turned ASTRAL upside-down.
She now has whole teams
working under her "umbrella."
And among her opponents,
we're bottom of the pile.
We can't win
playing by the book.
But I wouldn't worry. After all.
Everything's going
according to plan.